Deployment Microsoft Azure - Move data storage docs from ACI to "Microsoft Azure" (#1049)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/tomkerkhove/microsoft_azure/index.md

## Running Kong on Azure Container Instances

For more information, see [Running Kong on Azure Container Instances](./../microsoft_azure_container_instances).

> ## Storing Kong metadata in Microsoft Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Provisioning a Kong datastore in Microsoft Azure
```

Author: Good point, updated :+1:

> When running Kong you also need to store its metadata somewhere - Microsoft Azure can help with this as well!

Reviewer: We don't use the term "metadata" in Kong's documentation - to align with our typical terminology, I suggest:

```suggestion
When running Kong you need a datastore - Microsoft Azure can help with this as well!
```

Author: Good point, updated :+1:

### Running PostgreSQL on Azure with Azure Database for PostgreSQL

> Azure Database for PostgreSQL is a great way to use a managed PostgreSQL in the Azure Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Azure Database for PostgreSQL](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/postgresql/) is a great way to use a managed PostgreSQL in the Azure Cloud.
```

Author: Good point, updated :+1:

Here are the simple steps to provision one:

1. Go to the <a href="https://portal.azure.com" target="blank">Azure Portal</a>
1. Create a new "Azure Database for PostgreSQL" instance
1. Go to "Connection Security" and enable access to Azure services
1. Create a new database called "kong" by using your favorite tool

<div class="alert alert-warning">
  <div class="text-center">
    <strong>Note</strong>: Before connecting to your new database, make sure your IP address is whitelisted in "Connection Security"
  </div>
</div>

> ### Running Cassandra on Azure with Azure Cosmos Db

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running Cassandra on Azure with Azure Cosmos DB
```

Author: Updated :+1:

> Currently, Azure Cosmos Db is not supported as a Cassandra data store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, [Azure Cosmos DB](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cosmos-db/) is not supported as a Cassandra datastore.
```

Author: Good point, updated :+1:
